The End
Hey, old man.
You're not coming today, are you?
You said you weren't coming today.
Today is the 31st of December, the New Year's Eve.
Tomorrow is the New Year's Eve.
I know that.
And what's with you?
You're so upset with the fire.
Why are you so upset with the fire?
I don't know why, but I'm just saying yes.
I don't know what to do.
Don't be so stupid.
If I put it in your hand, will you be able to see it?
What are you talking about?
What's the use of the fire?
I don't know.
I don't want to see the fire.
Put a few pieces of the fire on the tray.
Walk around the neighborhood.
What do you say?
This is a great favor, but I'm from elsewhere.
I'll give you a favor.
I'll ask you to do it over there.
Walk around like this.
Can you take it with you?
What about the payment?
You're so annoying.
If you say that, it's like you're taking it.
I'm a man.
I'm happy.
Are you happy?
Then I'll be relieved.
What did you think?
I was thinking of...
I was thinking of asking you to pay me five yen.
Are you happy?
Did you enter the house secretly?
What are you going to do?
You think it's a lie.
I'm grateful.
But when did you enter?
I'm not worried if I entered.
But I can't drop the trash.
I'm having a hard time.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to rent a house in Hawaii.
I don't think everyone will come.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to walk on my feet.
There's something that's going to hit my feet.
You're a big boss.
When you look inside, there's a lot of silver and silver.
If you tell the police, you'll be a thief.
You're going to come into my house.
I don't think so.
Don't say such a stupid thing.
What are you going to do?